Good morning!
Wake your motherfucking asses up!
 Y'all with us or what?
Well come on then, you know what time it is
Stop sleeping on my group, BITCH!


 For whatever it's worth, it's worth me having my ass whipped
 Cause I'mma have the last lips to ever kiss ass with
 I just can't get passed these little pissants
 That wanna be rauny bad asses so bad
 And they so mad they can't stand it, cause we can and they can't spit
And they can't handle it like a man
 And that's when it just happens and I snap then it's a wrap
 Then it's a scrap and it isn't rap, is it?
 Hip-hop isn't a sport anymore
When you gotta go and resort back into that shit
 Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but my passion
Is to smash anyone rapping without having to slap him
 Believe me, I'd much rather lift a pencil than a pistol
 When I'm pissed now, but it all depends on just how
Far it gets took on the mic
 Cause I'm telling you right now you're not gonna like it
 Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pulling you with me
 You poke a stick at a pitbull, you get bit, B
 Your words stick to you like crazy glue when you diss me
 Cause they just bounce off me, like bullets do 50
 I'm the beautiful-est thing, and you're gonna miss me
When I'm gone, like Keith Murray when he threw his stool
And hit a girl accidentally
 I do this for Swifty, Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy and Proof- are you with me?


Come on then, everybody come on and
 Kick your shoes off motherfuckers, come on IN
Cause we get it on and, 'til the break of dawn and
Wake your ass up motherfuckers, quit yawning
Cause we ain't leaving 'til 6 in the morning
 So have a sing along with the words of the song and
If you don't know the words and you can't sing along then
Fake like you know 'em motherfuckers and join in
Everybody good morning


 They consider me the epitome of a beef starter
 In the party with heat, it's hard to keep me without one
Fuck snubs, I walk in clubs with a shotgun
Constantly popping slugs, they hot son, better not run (AHH!)
 The bosses of all bosses; a holocaust to whoever ain't cautious
In a house full of dog shit
 I'm a Gothic death prophet, you'll stop breathing
You'll die quicker than mach speed without bleeding
It ain't about what you reading
 When you meet me better speak like it's Seasons Greetings
Either that or we'll be beefing frequent
 You niggas need an E just to speak shit
In your window there's a petite bitch
 Keep the heater where you can reach quick
I'll snipe you with it and won't even keep it a secret
Nigga, I did it from the mind of a mental patient
 When Glocks sway you can save that conversation for Satan
 You brave?




 I heard you niggas don't like us but so what, this beef is like what the fuck
Did he say in his rap? Em, I can see that he just a punk
I mean these niggas'll squeeze on me pleased when seeing guts
I don’t need no enemies, just my family, a couple trucks
And my MPC and a mic, they empty out on them bike
To fight you in front of everyone important that I don't like
 No need for metaphors to get points across when I write
This emotion's enough to say, "Fuck you bitch and I don't like you!"
WHAT! I might as well give this up, but that'd be selfish as fuck
 You'll leave D12 in this, but we can't self-destruct
I've never felt it this much, c'mon fellas get up!
 We gotta fight like Bugz last night of his life, C'MON!


I walk with a limp, pistol hanging off of the hip
I'm awkward and quick enough and sick when sparking a fifth
 Your carcass is split, even if beef is partially thick
 We can't take you serious, you a comedy skit
You probably wish that you could be out, shooting at G's
 But the only thing you shoot is the breeze, I can't believe
 You speaking on moving keys, but every time we hear you kick it
The only thing that you selling is woof tickets
I look wicked cause niggas'll test your nutsack
So when they bust you better bust back or get your guts clapped
Outta your stomach, and when they want it
 I'll bring a hundred niggas from Runyon so get to gunnin if you coming

 