
 It's yours
Whose world is this?
[Nas]: The world is yours, the world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine; whose world is this?

 
 I sip the Dom P, watchingtil I'm charged
 Then writing in my book of rhymes, all the words past the margin
 Behold the mic I'm throbbin', mechanical movement
 Understandable smooth shit that murderers move with
 The thief's theme - play me at night, they won't act right
 The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe
 The mind activation, react like I'm facing
Time like Pappy Mason, with pens I'm embracing
 Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets
 Suede Timbs on my feet makes my cipher complete
 Whether cruising in a Six cab or Montero Jeep
 I can't call it; the beats make me falling asleep
I keep falling, but never falling six feet deep
 I'm out for presidents to represent me (say what?)
 I'm out for presidents to represent me (say what?)
 I'm out for dead presidents to represent me




 To my man Ill Will, God bless your life
 To my peoples throughout Queens, God bless your life
 I trip, we box up crazy bitches, aimin' guns in all my baby pictures
 Beef with housing police, release scriptures that's maybe Hitler's
 Yet I'm the mild, money-gettin' style, rollin' foul
 The versatile, honey-sticking wild golden child
 Dwelling in the Rotten Apple, you get tackled
Or caught by the devil's lasso, shit is a hassle
 There's no days for broke days we sell it: smoke pays
 While all the old folks pray to Jesús, soakin' their sins in trays
Of holy water, odds against Nas are slaughter
 Thinking a word best describing my life to name my daughter
My strength, my son, the star will be my resurrection
Born in correction, all the wrong shit I did, he'll lead a right direction
How you living, large -- a broker charge, cards are mediocre
 You flippin' coke or playin' spit, spades, and strip poker?




 I'm the young city bandit hold myself down single-handed
 For murder raps - I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded
 Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne
 I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside, 1,000 miles from home
 I need a new nigga for this black cloud to follow
Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow
 Trying to maintain, I flip, fill the clip to the tip
 Picturing my peeps not eating can make my heartbeat skip
 And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up, even my brain's in handcuffs
Headed for Indiana, stabbing women like the Phantom
 The crew is lampin' Big Willie style
 Check the chip-toothed smile, plus I profile wild
 Stash loot in fly clothes, burning dollars to light my stoge
 Walk the blocks with a bop, checkin' dames
 Plus the games people play bust the problems of the world today




Yea aight?
To everybody in Queens, the foundation (It's yours!)
The world is yours
To everybody uptown, yo, the world is yours (It's yours!)
The world is yours
To everybody in Brooklyn
Y'all know the world is yours (It's yours!)
The world is yours
Everybody in Mount Vernon, the world is yours (It's yours!)
Long Island, the world is yours	 (It's yours!)
Staten Island, yea the world is yours (It's yours!)
South Bronx, the world is yours (It's yours!)
Aight 