[Verse: Lil Dicky &amp;]
 
Thanks I’m Dave very nice to meet

No problem, sir, let me just say
I’m a big fan of the shit that y’all make
I can’t lie, I been thinking about this all day
 

 Sure, I was undergrad down there in Richmond
 
Oh, you talking bout my hometown?

 I was born out of Philly grew up in a little silly old town called Cheltenham
It was in the suburbs, upper-middle wealth around
 
 I wouldn’t say it like that, we just had a different kind of trap
 
 Well I ain’t never had a tool, but I had to be the man at school
 Like I was doing shit I had to do so when I finished undergrad, I’m cool and I can get whatever job I wanted
 
 Yeah, and I saw it quick all the flaws that be coming when you grow up like that
 Know you been racing them rats, you ain’t been making them raps
 
 
 Man, my Bar Mitzvah money
 But don’t diss me buddy, I wasn’t one of them younguns up on the block who had nothing to lose
I must’ve wanted this a lot, I had something to choose
 
 Yeah, I guess

 Oh my god, it’s the best
Bitches let me draw up on their breasts
 Literally I can reinvent myself
I get a forum to project myself
It’s never boring, every morning I wake up and try to best myself
 I never got to be suppressed or stealthy to express myself
It’s kinda healthy
 
Sure

 Uh, I wouldn’t do shit
 And I don’t even get what that got to do with this?
 
 
Nah, that’s my niche!
 Don’t get offended by this, but that’s the market y’all missed
That’s the target I’ll hit
 And that’s the heart of my pitch
I wanna do this whole thing different

Uh, you know, I-I think, like, you know
Traditionally people have been doing the job the same kind of way for a long time

Nah, like, I get that, but I-I just think that, you know
You don’t know if it could be working even better
And I think you should look at me as an opportunity to find that out
I don’t mean any disrespect by that
I’m just saying I have a different background
Like a different perspective way of looking at things than your typical applicant

[Verse 2: Lil Dicky &amp;]
 
 Well my flow is crazy, I can switch that amazing
 For example, I can be like ain’t nobody fucking with Lil Dicky
When he get up on that shit and spit it sick and ridiculous
Ripping this shit like it’s never been did and the rhythm is never predictable
Cause I can switch it, deliver this shit to whatever cadence you bitches prefer

 Top of that, lyrically I’m pretty damn clever (Go)
 Got a long bottom bitch, called a hoe Neville (Whoa)
 And I blow it from the jump, Derrick Rose knee (Oh)
 You can say I’m pretty smart how I know better
 And y’all been winning like Pistorius, it’s no feat
 Bro, I can go on and on
 I’m taking over and they mad like father-in-laws
 
 Well I don’t know if they can run it like that
 But ain’t nobody else doing funny type rap

 Well I can tell a story about my morning
Watching Boy meets World and jerking off to Topanga Lawrence
Like the 14 year old Topanga
 
Nah it ain’t like that I just happen to be a nutty abundantly funny type of individual
Like, as a guy
So when I get up on the mic I ain’t finna just lie
 Real recognize real, right?
 
 Well, I don’t care about the money
Like, it’s the respect that I’m wanting
Honestly, I just want to be one of the greats
Where they gotta bring your boy up every debate
I don’t wanna leave the game the same
 
 Well, I wanna be the dude that came in and made the stand up rap
With the random rap and the man like that for the people that was anti-rap
 Yet, the fans of rap started recognizing anti-rap is ironically one of the real brands of rap left
 
 I guess, I wanna be the best
I just wanna do it my way
And turn the whole game sideways
And show people you ain’t gotta be resigned to the highway
You can make a path while these motherfuckers drive straight
 
 Well thanks, man, that’s my plan of my attack
 Just let me in and I’mma rap the plaques
 And I ain’t about to win them back to back
I’m bout to win them like it’s back to back to back to back to back
Til I stop rapping
 
True

 You misread me

 Well that’s one of my flaws, I’m too competitive dawg
 
 ,
 I get that I gotta prove myself

 But think about that though
Only doing this a couple of years
One tape and I’m like this?
 
You don’t think finding out would be worth it?

 
Wait, like, like I have the job? Like really?
 
You want me to make a hook up right now?
 
 Alright, uh, okay

I’m bout to be professional
Homie, I’m professional
Uh, maybe like a low voice type thing?
 
 Well, you know, I feel like there might have been some upside to it
But I’m not good at thinking of things on the spot like that
 Don’t y’all normally like outsource for that kind of thing sometimes?
 
 Yeah, you know, I’m just way better when I get to think things through
Have my like that dual screen action that type of thing

Right now?

Sure

[Outro: Lil Dicky,&amp; (Juanita)]

(You got it, Snoop. I’ll be right there.)
 Thanks, Juanita. Super nice woman

 Uh, I really don’t wanna be spoken to like that, so…

 (Hey, I got y’all y’all weed.)
Damn, that’s some great looking weed. It’s just so early
(Can I get you guys anything else while I’m here? Coffee? Tea? Head? Bottled water?)
 D-Did you just say head?
(Yeah. You ain’t never got no head before?)
I mean… Just feels like… A lot, right now
(Ok.)
But what kind of tea do you guys have?
(We got mint, raspberry, earl grey, english breakfast...)
 Actually, I’ll take head
(I knew your little dirty ass wanted some head.) 